Slow down
open your eyes
When I was little
You and Ran Ran want a Barbie doll at the same time
But there was only one
So I gave Ran Ran
Now you finally give it to you.
You had acne during puberty.
Always being laughed at by others
But you understand my hard work in setting up a stall
Skin care products are all left.
You have no complaints
Good night
Mom knows
You have suffered a lot over the years
Blame me
He didn't even recognize his own daughter
You have no memory
Never had a birthday
I see.
Now these compensations
It's too late.
This has been your birthday present for the past 22 years
I still want to make up more for you.
I don't know if you will like it.
before
Mom, I'm sorry.
Let you encounter danger again and again
How are you dad
Mom
You have always been kind to me.
It was good.
Good now
The future will also be good
As long as we are all together
That's the best.
Mom, thank you.
I like all the gifts.
I don't think it's too late at all.
An'an
Do you still like the gift?
Here I am.